Update Calendar Docs for new property on Calendar Card (#14613)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_lovelace/calendar.markdown

{% configuration_basic %}
Title:
  description: The title displayed at the top of the card.
Initial View:

>   description: The view that will load first on the card. Options are Month View, Day View or List View.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded on to the page. Options are Month View, Day View, or List View.
```

>   description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are Month View, Day View, or List View.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are `Month View`, `Day View`, or `List View`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are `Month View`, `Day View`, or `List View`."
```

>   description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded on to the page. Options are Month View, Day View, or List View.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are Month View, Day View, or List View.
```

  required: false
  description: The title of the card.
  type: string
initial_view:
  required: false

>   description: The first view that will show on the card. Options are dayGridMonth, dayGridDay and listWeek.

Author: ```suggestion
  description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are dayGridMonth, dayGridDay, and listWeek.
```

>   description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are dayGridMonth, dayGridDay, and listWeek.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  description: The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are `dayGridMonth`, `dayGridDay`, and `listWeek`.
```

Author: ```suggestion
  description: "The view that will show first when the card is loaded onto the page. Options are `dayGridMonth`, `dayGridDay`, and `listWeek`."
```

Author: Needed to add quotes around the text to do this
